Add component to hide loading and empty tables (#1242)
vtex/styleguide: react/components/EXPERIMENTAL_Table/docs/Advanced.md

;<BodyExample />
```

##### Customizing body

> If you want to have full control of you `<tbody>` tag, you can do as the example below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to have full control of your `<tbody>` tag, you can do as the example below:
```

import { customers } from './sampleData'

const items = customers.slice(0, 5)

function CustomBodyExample() {
  const measures = useTableMeasures({ size: items })

  return (
    <Table
      measures={measures}
      columns={[
        {
          id: 'name',
          title: 'Name',
        },
        {
          id: 'location',
          title: 'Location',
        },
      ]}
      items={items}
      composableSections>
      <Table.Sections>
        <Table.Sections.Head />
        <Table.Sections.LoadedView>
          <tbody>
            {items.map((data, key) => (
              <Table.Sections.Body.Row
                key={key}
                data={data}
                height={measures.rowHeight}>
                {({ key, props, data, column }) => (
                  <Table.Sections.Body.Row.Cell key={key} {...props}>
                    {data[column.id]}
                  </Table.Sections.Body.Row.Cell>
                )}
              </Table.Sections.Body.Row>
            ))}
          </tbody>
        </Table.Sections.LoadedView>
      </Table.Sections>
    </Table>
  )
}

;<CustomBodyExample />
```

##### Loaded View

> As you can see in the "Customizing body" section sample, it's using the `<Table.Sections.LoadedView>` component, this is used there to hide something from your table when its data is not loaded or it's empty, it's highly recommended to use when customizing the default table components to avoid browser compatibility issues.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As you can see in the "Customizing body" section sample, it's using the `<Table.Sections.LoadedView>` component, which serves there to hide something from your table when its data is not loaded or is empty. It's highly recommended to use it when customizing the default table components to avoid browser compatibility issues.
```

##### Sections Props

| Property      | Type    | Required | Default | Description                              |
| ------------- | ------- | -------- | ------- | ---------------------------------------- |
| disableScroll | boolean | 🚫       | false   | Disable scroll overflow of the container |

##### Cell Props

| Property  | Type             | Required | Default | Description                                    |
| --------- | ---------------- | -------- | ------- | ---------------------------------------------- |
| width     | number or string | 🚫       | 🚫      | Cell width (variable by default)               |

> | heigth    | number or string | 🚫       | 🚫      | Cell height (variable by default)              |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| height    | number or string | 🚫       | 🚫      | Cell height (variable by default)              |
```
